feat: new DHT database schema and skeleton API (#5743)
holochain/holochain: crates/holochain/CHANGELOG.md

- **BREAKING CHANGE** switch from `holochain_sqlite`/`holochain_state` for the conductor database, to the new store defined by `holochain_data`.
  There is no migration path for existing installs of Holochain, and startup errors would be expected if the data state is not cleared.

> - Added the per-DNA DHT v2 database schema and skeleton read/write API surface in `holochain_data`, with transitional DHT v2 domain types exposed across the Holochain type crates (`holochain_integrity_types`, `holochain_zome_types`, `holochain_types`). Workflow-level compound operations are not included and will land in `holochain_state`.

Author: ```suggestion
- Added the per-DNA DHT v2 database schema and skeleton read/write API surface in `holochain_data`, with transitional DHT v2 domain types exposed across the Holochain type crates (`holochain_integrity_types`, `holochain_zome_types`, `holochain_types`). #5743
```
